---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stacuity_routing_policy Resource - stacuity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  routing policy resource
---

# stacuity_routing_policy (Resource)

routing policy resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `moniker` (String) API Moniker of the routing policy.
- `name` (String) Name of the routing policy.
- `routing_policy_status` (String) Status of the routing policy.
- `vslice` (String) The VSlice that the routing policy belongs to.

### Optional

- `packet_discard_downlink_percentage` (Number) Percentage of downlink packets to discard.
- `packet_discard_uplink_percentage` (Number) Percentage of uplink packets to discard.
- `rate_limit_downlink_moniker` (String) API Moniker for the downlink rate limit.
- `rate_limit_uplink_moniker` (String) API Moniker for the uplink rate limit.
- `routing_policy_edge_services` (Attributes Set) List of edge services for the routing policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_policy_edge_services))
- `routing_policy_rules` (Attributes Set) List of rules for the routing policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_policy_rules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The identifier for the routing policy.

<a id="nestedatt--routing_policy_edge_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_policy_edge_services`

Optional:

- `edge_service_instance_ids` (List of String) API Monikers of the edge service instance.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether this edge service is enabled.
- `moniker` (String) API Moniker of the edge service.


<a id="nestedatt--routing_policy_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_policy_rules`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description of the rule.
- `reflexive` (Boolean) Whether this is a reflexive rule.
- `rule_action` (String) The action to take on packets that match this rule.
- `rule_direction` (String) Direction of traffic for the rule.

Optional:

- `destination_ip_pattern` (String) IP pattern for destination IPs.
- `destination_port_pattern` (String) Port pattern for destination ports.
- `divert_ip` (String) IP address to divert traffic to.
- `divert_port` (String) Port number to divert traffic to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether this rule is enabled.
- `regional_gateway` (String) Regional gateway for the rule.
- `routing_target` (String) The routing target for the rule.
- `source_ip_pattern` (String) IP pattern for source IPs.
- `source_port_pattern` (String) Port pattern for source ports.
- `transport_protocol` (String) Transport protocol for the rule.
